we can long we can make anything make a
magical lines
tatata
I was hoping to find a place for a nice
cup of tea
Oh somewhere with a view Oh perhaps I
can help
Oh Oh be careful
Oh typical now we're stuck I'm not I'm
puffing off uh-huh
what's going on I know I know I what is
it then don't know oh please start on
top of the mountain no tea is stuck on
top of a mountain tea needs help bowels
to the rescue Hey
are you Wow so what to do you II
a IO rescue tee off we go here's a where
we need to help oh I know I know you
don't know do you I do I do you do don't
you
you owe me Oh
oh good dog brilliant a bug go on
save teeny little bug
I know oh is it my turn but ah great
baby there's something useful inside but
ah I said I know what to do
go on then show us I will uh hey good
Hey brilliant go on get on to a terrific
view a truly terrific view
you